Expected usage of the software is "./DIC <Image_Path> SplineDegree SubsetLength GridLength ShapeFunction PropagationFunction OrderingImages xStart xEnd yStart yEnd NumberOfThreads MaxPixelYVertical Tolerance MinCorrCoeffIG BlurSize directionsToInclude nref DICNeeded CalibrationNeeded CalculateRefractionIndex".

<Image_Path> is the path to the folder where the images are located; SplineDegree, SubsetLength and GridLength are parameters of the dic step; ShapeFunction determines the order of the shape functions with 0 = rigid, 1 = affine, 2 = mixed terms, 3 = second order terms; PropagationFunction is a flag to use a propgationfunction to transfer the solution of the dic step of one grid point to another grid point as initial conditon. OrderingImages deterimes which image is the template and which image is the deformed image in the dic step. xStart, xEnd, yStart and yEnd indicate the size of the template image. NumberOfThreads is the number of threads to use in the template matching step. MaxPixelYVertical is the maximum vertical search range of the template matching. Tolerance is the required (absolute and relative) tolerance for the dic iterations. 

MinCorrCoeffIG is cutoff correlation coefficient below which the gridpoints are not used for the calibration step. BlurSize is the pixel size of the Gaussian Blur, with 0 being no blur. directionsToInclude determines whether only horizontal displacements (=1) or all three directions (=2) are used in the calculation of the index of refraction. nref is the index of refraction of the reference fluid in the calculation of the index of refraction. DICNeeded, CalibrationNeeded and CalculateRefractionIndex are flags that determine which steps in the software have to be performed.	

As input two images are required, between which the dic will be performed. These images must be in the format *.tif or *.csv (in a folder called Averaged).
